>>DAVID WILCOCK:
I'm David Wilcock,
and welcome to another
episode of "Disclosure."
In this episode, we get to the
beating heart of the question
that we're all wanting to ask
when we learn about the Federal
Reserve.
Does this banking cartel
have a vulnerability?
Is there anything that
can actually be done?
If there's anybody
who's in a good position
to answer that question,
it's G. Edward Griffin,
because remember, his book, "The
Creature from Jekyll Island,"
was almost single handedly
responsible for educating
representative Ron Paul on
the secrets of the Federal
Reserve, which led to a
Federal Reserve audit.
So once we start to explore
what's actually happened,
we see that when
information is intelligently
provided to the right people,
they will take action on it.
Yes, it is true.
The Cabal is using surveillance,
blackmail, bribery,
and lethal threats and lethal
force to impose their agenda,
but that can only work when
a small number of people
know about the truth,
and everybody else
is kept in the dark.
So what's happening
now is that knowledge
is reaching a critical mass.
People are waking up
like never before.
We are learning
what's really going
on in the world in our
governments, with the media,
and all of these
related subjects.
Now, one of the groups that
is the most politically active
turns out to be the right
wingers, the people who
watch Fox.
They're more apt to go and vote.
They're more apt to want
to get out in the streets.
They're more apt to get angry
and shout about politics.
Well G. Edward Griffin
would be somebody
who, because he was
the brain for Ron Paul,
should be the darling
of the right wing,
so there's some very
interesting discussion
we have in this episode about
Fox News and the right wing
attack media.
And as I'm sure you're
thinking, the idea here
is that you've got one octopus,
and this idea of right wing
and left wing, of
conservative and liberal,
it's all part of the game.
It's all part of the war
between country and town,
where the country
people tend to be more
in the traditional mindset,
and the town people
tend to have more of
the all-inclusive view
where they're not
apt to be racist,
and they're apt to want
to work together more,
and that may sound as if I'm
left wing bias, but come on.
I was raised in
upstate New York.
Anyway, let's check it out.
This is G. Edward
Griffin rounding it
out with the vulnerability
of the cartel.
Check it out.
Many people who are researching
the subject that you've
literally been
writing about for 50
years, this shadowy
international cartel,
end up actually inadvertently
worshipping the cartel
with their fear.
They ascribe supernatural
properties to it.
They believe that it is somehow
beyond any type of consequences
that could come its way.
They think that any opposition
that shows up to the cartel
must actually be financed and
owned by the cartel secretly,
and yet if we look at
the tapestry of history,
we see things like
the Watergate trial
that almost led to the
impeachment of President
Richard Nixon.
Now we're seeing things breaking
open like the Libor scandal,
and the gold fixing, and the NSA
being another great example--
the NSA surveillance.
So is this group truly
invulnerable, or in fact,
are we seeing
chinks in the armor
that can be used ultimately
to end this tyranny?
>>G. EDWARD GRIFFIN:
Well, I certainly
don't think that this Cabal
that we're talking about
is undefeatable,
or else I wouldn't
be doing what I'm doing.
I would be hiding up
in the hills somewhere,
not concerning myself about it.
Sure, they are vulnerable.
They have many points
of vulnerability,
and the most vulnerable
point, I think,
is the degree to which
the average person is
willing to question authority.
And you mentioned that
people have been conditioned
to accept authority,
almost to worship it
but certainly to
not question it.
You just accept authority.
We're taught that in school.
That's one of the prime
directives of the public school
system-- is to teach people
how to be team players,
and how to go along
with the group,
and to take directions
and not make waves.
And you're graded
on your ability
to be a good citizen and
all that sort of thing.
It's hammered into us in
the public school system
so that we accept authority as
almost on a religious level.
>>Rules for living together.
We have hall guards to remind
us of our traffic rules
in the hall.
Our teachers are always
glad to answer questions
about the rules.
>>Alvin, whose job is it to
see that you know the rules?
>>What could I say?
How do you convince people
that they must learn the rules?
>>GRIFFIN: We don't
question authority anymore
than we would question god.
And in fact, some
of these people
who are advocates
of collectivism
are very clear on
that, and they believe
that the state should become the
new religion-- that we should
view the so-called greater
good of the greater number
or the greater good of society
as the ultimate good works
for our salvation.
It's something that we
can relate to as one
would relate to going
to heaven, and they
talk about this--
that religion to a god
has to be replaced, they
say, by worship of the state,
and indirectly, that
means by worship
of the leaders of the
state who have now
become beatific symbols in
this new religion called
collectivism.
So anyway, I think
that the problem
is that that education
has been very effective,
and in today's world,
most kids come out
of school totally programmed
to accept authority,
and if you question
authority, it's
somehow considered to be wrong.
You're a bad person if
you question authority.
With that mentality
and that programming
people believe that,
once a person who
could be totally
corruptible-- they know
it's a corruptible human being--
might even be their next door
neighbor, and they know that
he's a drunken so and so,
and he beats his wife, but
once he's elected to office,
now he is purified.
He's ready to be accepted
without question.
He's now a good person, and
you must respect everything
he thinks and
everything he says,
otherwise you're a bad person.
It's overstated, but that
is really what's happening.
So if we're going to turn our
society around and produce
something other than
programmed robots,
we have to recognize what
the problem is at first.
We're going to
have to break away
from this school system
that is programmed
to indoctrinate students.
We have to question
even that authority.
If you want students to
question the authority,
you've got the question
the authority that
says no they mustn't
question the authority,
and so that's where we start.
It's a long uphill
battle, but I think
the climb has already begun.
>>DAVID: Terrific.
How do you see the
right wing media
of Fox News playing into this?
To me, it seems
very clear that they
are trying to marry a political
right wing ideology that
benefits the politicians
and this cartel
to the people's idea of the
Christian religious faith.
It appears that the
Christians are essentially
being duped by Fox News,
that their beliefs are
being used for
political purposes
to advance a particular agenda.
So I'm interested in how
you see the relationship
between right wing media,
Fox News, Christianity,
and the cartel-- is there
some defining connection that
unifies all of these
elements together?
>>GRIFFIN: What I think the
connecting thread is the fact
that we've addressed earlier,
which is that there's really
not an awful lot of difference
between the right wing
and the left wing.
It's just more for
strategic purposes
to keep the American people
and people in other countries
as well-- to keep them
pacified, content with the idea
that they're participating in
their own political destiny
because they get to choose.
They get to choose between
the left and the right.
Republican and Democrat,
and we got Fox News, which
promotes the one side,
and we've got CNN or
somebody else that
promotes the other side,
and you get to choose.
And therefore since
you go to the poll
once every two years
and you get to choose,
put an X-- that
act of putting an X
or punching a hole--
that not only makes
you feel good because
now you have participated
in your own political destiny,
but you have sanctified
the candidate that you voted
for because you voted for him.
And you wouldn't vote
for a bad person.
Nobody would do that.
So if you voted for this person,
that makes him a good person.
That's the thinking
in the background.
So that's the connection--
is that the Fox News
phenomenon and the right and
the left phenomenon in the media
are merely ploys to keep
us content with the false
impression that this is
the best world possible,
and we don't even
think about going
outside of those
parameters, which
is exactly where they want us.
They want us in
those parameters.
We don't go outside of
the box, and everything
will continue to go exactly as
it has been going up until now.
>>DAVID: You've been
researching this cartel
and these complicated subjects
for literally half a century
now, and what we've
discussed is corruption
that goes all the way back
to the American Revolution
and possibly much
farther back than that.
Let's say at some
point that there
is a defining moment of truth
where this cartel has been
weakened enough that they
are now publicly exposed
on a widespread mass level.
Perhaps there's some sort
of South African Truth
and Reconciliation
Committee that's occurring.
Based on your experience
and your pedigree,
how would you go in there
and actually resolve
the intrinsic systemic
problems that we
have in the fields of politics,
in the fields of finance,
in the fields of
business and bring us
to a more equitable system
where everyone can be happy?
>>GRIFFIN: I think that that
question is so important
that it needs to be broken
down a little bit, at least
into two categories.
The first category is having to
do with what needs to be done.
When people say how do you
solve this problem, what
they're usually thinking
of is, well, what do we do?
We need, for example--
of what needs to be done,
we need to restore the nation
to a sound monetary system.
We need to abolish
the Federal Reserve.
We need to do a lot
of things, and nobody
will disagree on
most of these things,
but that's the first category.
The second category
is, well, how?
It's easy to say we need
to do this, this, and this.
We get letters to the
editor all the time
from pundits saying,
well, don't you
know we need to do
this, this, and this?
And I have to laugh because,
yeah, I do know that,
but how are we going to do
that when the power to do
this is in the
hands of our enemy?
So the next part of
that question is, how?
And I believe that
the answer to that
question-- I might approach it
from a hilarious point of view
and say, well, very slowly.
And that is true.
It can't all be done at once,
but that's not the real issue.
How do we do it?
We have to do it with that
dreaded thing called power.
One of my greatest mistakes,
I think, in my early awareness
of this movement
is that I thought
power, especially governmental
power, was the problem.
Power of the state
was the problem,
and so I would speak eloquently,
I hope, against power--
that we've got to avoid
concentration of power,
and we've got to work to
eliminate power, reduce power
everywhere we find it to allow
individuals to have the freedom
to do what they want
without being coerced.
And then one morning
I woke up, literally.
I guess I'd been thinking
about it or dreaming about it,
and I remember I woke up.
I don't remember if I
actually sat up or not,
but I felt like I did, and
I said, oh, we reject power.
We lose.
That was a hard thing
for me to grapple with,
because I'd always been thinking
that power was the problem,
and then I finally
realized that power
is not the problem anymore
than guns are the problem.
Guns don't kill people.
People kill people with
guns, and the only thing
more dangerous than having
guns is not having guns.
And so I made the analogy
that the question with guns
is not guns themselves, but the
conditions of gun ownership,
and the freedom to have guns
versus regimenting society
to eliminate guns, and so forth.
I recognize that if we
got rid of all guns,
and it was only in the
hands of criminals, well,
we'd know that the
criminal rules society.
So I made the analogy.
I said, OK, power
is not the problem,
because if we don't
have the power
to dislodge our enemy from these
positions of power that he has,
he's going to stay
in those positions.
You cannot overcome power
without equal or greater power,
and that was a
frightening thought to me,
but it has mellowed well, and
I realize now after quite a few
years of living with that
thought that it is true.
The question then
is, well, how do
we prevent-- if we strive
for power ourselves,
we must reach out and acquire
the very political power,
and the power in the
media and everywhere
else-- the very power that
our opponents now have
if we want to succeed.
That being the case,
how can we do that?
And assuming we succeed,
how can we be sure
that we ourselves now that we're
in control of this power don't
become just as corrupt and evil
as the people we're opposing?
And therein lies the
answer to your question.
Can it be done, first
of all, is the question,
and I am very firmly
convinced that it
can be done if we go
about it intelligently.
And then the question is,
well, how do we bring it about?
It can be done if we're very
clear on what our goals are.
If everybody enlisted in this
movement has a very clear
mental picture of what
we're trying to achieve,
if we have a creed, for
example-- this we believe--
and we really are
all on the same page,
and we agree to a certain
statement of principles,
and one of those principles is
that we cannot and must never
use political power or the
legalized force of coercion
to deny any person their freedom
unless it's to protect life,
liberty, and property.
If we are clear on
that, that those
are the limits of coercion,
of legalized coercion,
then the risk of fraud and
corruption is greatly reduced.
Never completely
reduced, of course.
And to fill in the
remainder of that risk
that people in our movement
could become just as
guilty of oppression
as our present leaders,
then we need a
watchdog committee.
We need a group of people
who are really aware, keenly
aware of this problem
and who have dedicated
a major portion of their
lives to just become watchdogs
over this whole thing,
and who will make sure
that if anybody
steps out of line
who is part of the movement and
they violate those principles,
that they're called
immediately on it.
I think it can be done.
I think it can be done,
and that's the reason
that back in 2002, I
created an organization
to bring all that about.
It's called Freedom
Force International,
and there's a lot to talk
about on that, but anybody
that wants to know about
that and how what I just
spoke about relates
to it, our website is
freedomforceinternational.org,
O-R-G,
standing for organization.
And our website
explains all about this,
and basically what it is is that
we've created an organization--
basically an organization
for non-joiners, people who
recognize what the problem is.
History is full of
examples of people
joining together and rising
up against a tyranny,
and at great cost in
treasure and blood,
they finally
overthrow the tyrant.
And what happens?
They replace him
with another one just
like the one they
overthrew, maybe even worse.
And it maybe takes a
generation, and they've
got to go through the
whole thing again.
So that's why people
in our movement
understand why they're
overthrowing or trying
to replace the tyrant.
It's not because
he is a bad person.
It's not his personality or the
kind of man or woman he may be
or she may be.
It's what they believe in.
It's the structure, the system
that they're putting in place.
It's the system that
they defend and advocate.
So once we're clear on
that, then the replacements
come along, and they
put in their place
a different system, a
different system based
not on collectivism, which is
the superiority of the group,
but a system based
on individualism,
which recognizes that the
individual is the core
of society, not the group.
And more-- there's much
more to it than that,
but I'm telling you about
this only as an example
that these issues have
been thought about.
They have been worked
on, and I believe
the challenges have
been solved, and anybody
that wants to become
part of this movement--
I urge them to come to
freedomforceinternational.org
and read about it.
And I think they'll be
very impressed by what
we got started.
>>DAVID: Well,
thank you so much.
It's been a real honor.
>>GRIFFIN: Thank you, David.
Thanks for inviting me.
>>DAVID: So we're hearing some
very good suggestions here.
I totally agree with the idea
that a watchdog committee
needs to be created.
However, I think at that
non-linear nature of the way
consciousness really works
is solving the problem.
You are the watchdog.
I am the watchdog.
We are the watchdogs,
and as we awaken,
we put the information
out on the internet,
and we need to fight
back against all
the lousy crappy stuff
where people haven't done
their homework, and they're
alarmist, or they're racist,
and they make statements that
are anti-Semitic-- things
like this.
We need to focus on the
real nature of the problem.
We're talking about a worldwide
organized crime cartel.
Once we can dispense
with the labeling,
we're not dealing
with a race war.
We're not dealing
with a religious war.
It's not even
really a war at all.
This is ultimately a vehicle
for human conscious evolution.
As we see what's
going on in the world,
we start to get the
idea that the world may
be a vast illusion, and that
so many of the things that we
took for granted as being
reality are just a construct.
So there's one level of this
where the construct is being
generated by a secretive power
elite who are controlling
the media, the government,
the judiciary, the military,
the financial
system, but there's
another level in which there is
an even greater illusion going
on, and that's
the whole illusion
of the physical
universe and the idea
that there are, in
fact, divine beings who
are orchestrating this and are
managing it behind the scenes.
So there's lots more to discuss
about the secretive nature
of the illusion and who's
hiding behind the curtain,
so we're going to have a
lot more for you coming up
in the next episode
of "Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
speaking truth to power
and giving power to the truth.